
What does team rocket teach us ??

Everyone is familiar with one of the most famous and the most celebrated anime of all time - POKEMON. It would be apt to call it a worldwide phenomena. Since 1996(the year of its inception), Pokemon has generated a revenue of 95 billion dollars, the highest revenue  generated by any franchise in the history of mankind.

Those who have not seen it must have atleast heard its name . For many of us it has been an integral part of our childhood. I still remember vividly , how I used to rush back home to see the episode aired everyday at 5PM.

There are many aspects of the show that I liked but some of the characters that drew my attention were TEAM ROCKET. Jesse , James and meowth are some of the most lovable characters of the show.

Team Rocket is an evil group in the show, who rely on capturing rare pokemons and selling them or using them for their evil purposes. Although Team Rocket is evil but there is something different about Jesse, James and Meowth.

They try to do evil acts but it is proved again and again in many of the episodes that they are quite virtuos.

1. They are a team and sacrifice for each other all the time.
James comes from a rich family. In one episode he returns back to his home along with Meowth and Jesse, if he wanted he could have stayed back, and meowth and Jesse assume that he will stay back and leave without him for his own good. But midway he joins them and makes clear that he has no intention of leaving his team.

2. They face all the problems together.
Almost in every episode , they are beaten up by Ash and pickachu and are blown up into the sky but the beautiful thing is that they are together even while being blown up.

3. They are persistent
They are persistent and try to capture pickachu again and again , even after failing in every episode.

4. They teach us to let go
This is the coolest thing about them. They teach us to let go. It doesn't matter that they  fail all the time, but the idea that they return back just as happy , excited and hopeful that their plan will work this time teaches us to let go and be in the present moment and that what makes it fun watching them every time.

5. They dont have ego
They dont have any ego and that makes them try every other possibility of capturing pickachu . We can learn from this that if we forfeit our ego, we can try hundreds of methods to do a task , some which might be below us but might get the work done.


This was a short summary about what I learned from Team rocket and the qualities they posses that we can look up to.
